this is photographic proof that TCL
snuck into my basement and took my TV
also it has a different name but I'm
pretty sure it's the same one and it's
absolutely gorgeous and we only had to
go 20 Paces for them to get Wilder this
high sense set has four times the pixel
count double the peak brightness and
twice as many local dimming zones 40,000
but TVs can be transparent as well
Samsung here has a micro LED TV that's
completely see well mostly see-through
they have a cool 3d effect by placing
the transparent TV in front and another
LCD panel behind it which is pretty
crazy but you know what's even crazier
this is the cced N1 a 137 in microed
display that folds it freaking folds man